yes
danielle there is no story so
successful throughout the automotive industry
world as the corolla and the truth
which is a very good story 40
million cars sold in 47 years of
history is the best-selling car in the
guinness book as record and really
is the eleventh generation has a
very very good design balance
equipment and features that I think
gives us enough hope to
to continue fighting the leadership of
market
if you had to say two or three points
keys of this new model what would be
I believe that from the point of view of
design has a much more design
emotional what we call the
I smell what makes you feel the pleasure and
the heart beating because one is
having fun from the point of view of
benefits incorporating a
7 variable transmission case
marches I think it's a very very advance
good and in terms of equipment
It has all the exterior design features
a lot of equipment from
security and comfort that has improved it and
I think it's a very, very good evolution
of the act
this new one for now really is a
very important player to continue the
success that toyota had throughout all
2003 if for us in 2013 it was a year
record but we always have to
keep on surpassing this segment of the
medium is a very very segment
competitive and we believe that with this car
with this new design with this new
equipment can leave us
competed on equal terms with
other models that may have had
a much closer renovation
working is not a little outside of
crown and toyota in general was announced
recently a very important investment
that will really strengthen the future
Argentine student if our idea is
make toyota argentino a base
exporter leaves hilux and sw4 for all
Latin America with which with 800
million dollars we are going to prepare
our plant to manufacture 140 thousand
units of those 140 thousand the 80 by
there are hundreds of exports and to have
the comic data of the one who does not
is very aware of what it is to produce
a car at that time is going to leave a hi
Lux finished in our plant every 90
seconds since the project started
Argentina's Argentine export
today you can consume 30 thousand hi lux and
we are planning to manufacture
140,000 and in turn when one has a
export business and it is distributed
in all the countries of Latin America one
makes a much more sustainable project
because already
one of the joints does not depend
cyclical you may have in some country and
You can compensate your business with other
parts even even profitability
and costs of having a whole region like
place of sale of our products the
idea is in 2014 and must be
list in June in the plant of axes and
chassis is that today they were made in brásil and
they will be brought to manufacture in the
Argentina
the preparation for what is the increase
volume and about the end of the year will be
list our new line of paint that
it was a little bit the bottleneck for
the printing of our plant
and finally to finish a panorama
of what we can expect from the
Argentine automotive industry in what
the rest of the year and I think this year the
industry is going to have a fall we estimate
a market of around 750 thousand
units while it is not good for
964 thousand that were last year I think
which is not a negligible market either
its good market that you have to take care of it is
a conjuncture and I think that in the long
term we can get back to being
close to one million units